Docs Stream status, storage, ENS + misc updates (#1180)
streamr-dev/streamr-platform: app/src/docs/content/streams/usingStreamsInCore.mdx

  alt="Stream Listing"
/>

> This stream listing page displays all streams the current user has a right to publish or subscribe to. Clicking on a stream will open the stream editor. You may only edit streams that you have created or have explicit permission to edit.

Reviewer: Maybe 
```
The stream listing page displays all the streams the current user has the right to publish or subscribe to.
```

By clicking on the more options icon you may access advanced features for each stream, such as stream sharing and code snippets. A new stream can be created by the clicking the Create Stream button.

### Creating streams

> Streams are identified by a stream ID, which is an Ethereum address plus a user-given path, just like an Internet URL. The Ethereum address is referred to as the domain and is either the Ethereum address of the logged in user, or it can also be the ENS (Ethereum Name Service) name owned by the Ethereum address of the logged in user. All streams require a unique path in the format of domain/pathname and can contain single or multi-level paths.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Streams are identified by a stream ID, which consists of a domain and a user-given path, just like an Internet URL. The domain is either an Ethereum address of the logged in user, or it can also be an ENS (Ethereum Name Service) name owned by the Ethereum address of the logged in user. All streams require a unique path in the format of `domain/pathname` and can contain single or multi-level paths.
```

> ENS names allow for completely human readable names, for example `mydomain.eth/traffic/helsinki`. If you haven’t used an ENS name before, you can easily create one with a small amount of ETH on <Link to={routes.misc.ensDomains()}>ENS Domains</Link>. Your purchased addresses will automatically appear in the stream editor for immediate usage. At a future date the Stream registry will live on the blockchain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ENS names allow streams to have human readable names, for example `mydomain.eth/traffic/helsinki`. If you haven’t used an ENS name before, you can easily create one with a small amount of ETH on <Link to={routes.misc.ensDomains()}>ENS Domains</Link>. Your purchased addresses will automatically appear in the stream editor for immediate usage. At a future date, the Stream registry will live on the blockchain.
```

Is it `the Stream registry`, `the stream registry` or `the Streamr registry`?

Reviewer: Also, the ENS link leads to this:

![Screenshot 2021-02-18 at 10 35 21](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1064982/108328434-41274f00-71d5-11eb-903a-79c1f8f30503.png)
It's an external link, let's use `a` tag and open in new tab.

Author: **_Is it the Stream registry, the stream registry or the Streamr registry?_**

I suppose it's a `stream registry`

Please remember, you may need to escape the pathname slash depending on your coding environment.

> <Image

Reviewer: Note the borders don't really match the rounded corners of the image:

![Screenshot 2021-02-18 at 10 22 48](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1064982/108326810-5ac79700-71d3-11eb-823f-b38c93cf2fc9.png)

  border
  src={StreamPath}
  highResSrc={StreamPath2x}
  alt="Stream path naming"
/>

### Stream status

> Traffic light indicators can show you when data was last pushed to each stream, at a glance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Traffic light indicators can show you at a glance when data was last pushed to each stream. 
```

  alt="Stream Preview"
/>

### Data storage

> On the Streamr Network data is stored in storage nodes. You can enable data storage on your streams to retain historical data in one or more geographic locations of your choice. You can also choose how long to store your stream’s historical data before auto-deletion.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The data in the Streamr Network is stored in storage nodes. You can enable data storage on your streams to retain historical data in one or more geographic locations of your choice. You can also choose how long to store your stream’s historical data before auto-deletion.
```

<Image
  border
  src={StreamStorage}
  highResSrc={StreamStorage2x}
  alt="Stream storage"
/>

> By default, no storage nodes are selected. You can opt-in to storage by selecting a storage node. At the moment there is only one option shown: Streamr Germany, however new options will be added as they become available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, no storage nodes are selected. You can opt-in to storage by selecting a storage node. At the moment, there is only one available option: Streamr Germany. However, new options will be added as they become available.
```
